Updating 'Viewing logs' to match 2.571 (#9244)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/viewing-logs.adoc

Jenkins is equipped with a GUI for configuring/collecting/reporting log records of your choosing. 
This page shows you how to do this.

> First, select the *System Log* from the *Manage Jenkins* page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, select *"Logs"* from the *"Manage Jenkins"* page:
```

image::SystemLog.png["Manage Jenkins"]

From there, you can create a custom log recorder, which helps you group relevant logs together while filtering out the noise.

image::Log-recorder.png["Log Recorders"]

> Provide a name for your log recoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a name for your log recorder.
```
